Let's go! It was his accomplice who blew up again.
We were blown up! I can't survive the car explosion!
Follow me several times first and send it to the formation first!
Chen Jinguan! Have you asked?
He must have an accomplice! How did you know my itinerary?
It doesn't matter! Now it's the car that explodes!
This person really ran out of spirit!
I have already informed my spirit of my wish!
I'll borrow him later! Anyone who has an accomplice may know it!
He is really mentally ill!
But he doesn’t look like it!
With hospital certificate!
Sun Chao, you used to have a small head and a small body,
I didn’t expect that I had a sense of justice this time!
People will grow if they ask for it, okay?
You can go
please this explosion thing
We still have to investigate
Then let's go first
Why did the sea regulations explode this time?
Because the murderer's goal is the same as ours
It's Boss Ma